Welcome back let's explore how we can create our own prototypes because I told you that promo is something
that we shouldn't use.
We should never do proton equals some type of an object because we should never use this for performance
reasons in our javascript code.
So what is a safe way to do this.
Well let's create a human and this human will have a property that is well mortal.
A human is mortal should be true.
And let's say out of that human we create let's say Socrates and Socrates should also be a human it
should inherit from this human and we can do that with object dot create.
Now there are many ways of doing this.
Something that we'll explore in the upcoming section but this is one of the ways that we can inherit
from human so that I created object does create human.
And that's going to equal Socrates so that if I do console dialogue Socrates and I run well I get an
empty object let's add a property on Socrates let's say Socrates has let's say age of forty five.
I don't know how old Socrates was but let's say forty five and if I run this I have age forty five but
can I do Socrates thought mortal if I click Run yep I have it Socrates is mortal because we've created
using object to create a prototype chain up to human so if I do human dot is a prototype of Socrates
we all get true human is prototype of Socrates we've inherited from human not bad at all.
This is something we're going to explore a little bit more like I said before but for now at least now
you know how to do this without using that evil underscore underscore product as a matter of fact they
named it this way so that nobody accidentally messes with the prototype chain I'll see in the next one.
By.